IDEA:
story states: day start - level - day end
story states repeated per day/level

player works at convinience store
player has phone.
phone allows player to save, listen to mailbox messages and receive calls
boss sometimes calls player once a day for special tasks.

day start:
player walks from home to convinience store
player does some general daily tasks (restocking shelves mostly)
there never are any customers in the building (no budget\too lazy\unskilled at modelling people lmao also storybeat)
boss calls player to do something or player does something special (falling asleep, riding an elevator, basically any scripted event) -> flash transition to level

level:
player is now robot 
player has now weapons (starter weapon may differ based on day)
player loses phone (no option to save while in level)
player completes level by interacting with a special object -> flash transition to day end


day end:
player has now finished special task ordered by boss or has completed the day in another way.
player is now person
player has phone
player loses weaponry
player can now: check out and walk back to house (going to bed ends day), save using phone, listen to any messages that may be on the phone.

Note: transitions are always smooth with the action of the player mimicking the action taken when the level stage is activated (action of opening a door is smooth despite stage around player changing or level ends by player typing on keypad -> flash will transition to player typing in a code on a safe in the convinience store)






stage 1 idea:
player walks to convinience store, including some extra tasks at home to make first walk longer.
player clocks in, restocks fridge
boss calls player, telling him there is a special delivery out back and that he can reach it by going through the storage unit.
player enters storage unit, flash level transition.

level geometry: long, seemingly endless series of corridor-esk storage places with enemies pushing over stuff and fighting. not a lot of vertical space. 

level ends by: player goes to bash "special entity" with weapon, flash transition to player slashing pen across shipping paper to finish his signature.

day ends normally




game ends with player quitting job and or boss shooting player in suprise twist (boss says he will give him a parting gift -> level transition -> boss is enemy shoots player :OOOOOOOOO what a twist give me oscar now)
